-: Welcome back.
In this demo we are going to implement SSL
discovery, TLs option in Ingress surveys.
So now let's go back to our GitHub repository,
and we are in zero eight new ERP application load balances,
and we are entering into the section 0811
Ingress SSL discovery TLS, right?
So as part of introductory section,
we already know what is host
and TLS from SSL discovery concept perspective in Ingress.
So now we are going to go ahead
and then review this Ingress manifest.
So let's go back to our visual studio core,
and enter into the section 0811 Kube manifest
and 010203 app one app two app three deployment node ports,
and node port services are going to be
as is from our previous section,
and if you come back here right, zero four,
the name of this respective Ingress service is going to
be Ingress cert discovery TLS demo.
And here also the load balancer name is
cert discovery TLS Ingress,
and here as usual as part of previous demo
also we have commented the certificate error
because we are testing the SSL discovery concept here.
So we need to comment this and if you come back here
the external DNS related host name is going
to be the DNS name is going to be cert discovery
TLS101.stacksimplify.com.
And the rules we are using the context part
based rules here.
So when the request comes with slash app one go
to app one nginx node port service, and when it comes
to slash app to go to app two nginx node port service,
and default backend is app three nginx node port service.
So all these things we are going to access using
that DNS host name cert discovery
TLS101.stacksimplify.com.
But as you have not specified the certificate
here and here, so automatically how we need
to associate the SSL certificate is using this option.
So TLS and host sees a list item,
and you can define multiple things here if you want, right?
So, but here we have the star.stacksimplify.com
is associated here now.
So automatically our stacksimplify.com related
SSL certificate which is wildcard certificate,
we have created is going to be associated
to this Ingress service.
So let's go back here
and deploy these manifest and then test it.
So let's go to 0811 Ingress SSL discovery TLS,
and say Kube CTL apply hyphen F Kube manifest.
So this should create the app on app to app three node port
and deployments for those applications, and also
create a Ingress sub discovery TLS demo Ingress service.
So I'll run the command Kube CTL,
get ports and services just to check
those were created or not and also SVC.
And you can see app one app to app three nginx port are
running and also equal and node port services created,
and I'll say Kube CTL get Ingress to verify
our Ingress service got created.
And you can see cert discovery tier list.
This is the address of our Ingress service,
and it is also listing on ports 80 and then 443,
and it belongs to the Ingress class, my AWS Ingress class.
So now let's come back here and verify
the same thing with certificate.
So let's come back and cert discover TLS Ingress,
and we need to go to our HTTPS 443 listener and verify
if our certificate is associated successfully
star.stacksimplify.com is associated successfully
to our application load balancer.
So which means the demo whatever we are implementing SSL
discovery using TLS option in Ingress service should
associate the SSL certificate from the certificate manager
whatever we have created
to the application load balancer, right?
And it is successfully associated.
So let me close these things, right and let's come back here
and if you want we can also do a, and let's look up test
for our third discovery TLS, 101 related DNS.
And what is the DNS we have used here?
101.
So this is the one, right?
So sometimes this is a problem with the thing.
And let's look up, and you can see,
can't find cert discovery TLS, no answer, why?
Maybe let's verify that logs here,
and also verify the Route 53 here, right?
So let's go out and go to the hosted zone stacksimplify.com,
and you can see third discovery is created.
So this is the problem usually, sometimes we face this.
So that's the reason I usually give different names.
So I'll put 102 and Kube CTL, apply hyphen F Kube manifests,
and let's see what happens.
And we'll go here.
We have changed the DNS name
from 1012102, maybe some Route 53 caching issues.
So I'll try to do DNS lookup now.
So 101 is deleted and automatically 102 is created.
So now let's copy this
and do DNS lookup and then see what happens, right?
And this is resolving, so this is what is the thing,
usually I always put the different name whenever
I am testing it for the demos, right?
So now let's come back here and access it in the browser.
Cert discovery TLS102.stacksimplify.com/app1.index.html.
So it should automatically redirect to https, right?
So the lock symbol you can see, right?
And if you go here and see the certificate,
so star.stacksimplify.com certificate is associated here.
And we will also check the app two, right, app two
slash index dot html, and we'll also verify
the root contact, see, lock is present here,
automatically redirected to SSL,
and we'll also verify the root context.
And app three is also successful.
So app one, app two, and our app three,
all three are successful,
and we'll go ahead and then clean up these things.
So Kube CTL, delete hyphen F, and Kube manifest.
So this should clean up all the things
whatever we have created.
So now let's go back here and verify
if our Ingress service is deleted, and it is deleted.
Now let's go to route 53,
and verify if our hosted zone related
to cert discovery TLS 102 is deleted,
and it's still waiting.
So let's wait for it to delete,
or we can also go back here and verify the logs.
So let's come up here and go to terminal
and verify the cert discovery related external DNS.
We can see here cert discovery TLS 102 is deleted.
So we can go here,
and then crosscheck the same thing in route 53.
So go to hosted zones,
and go to stacksimplify.com and go down,
and you'll not find any cert discovery TLS 102 related DNS.
So this completes the SSL cert discovery related, both demos
which is host and then TLS.
So in our next section, we are going to understand
about one more Ingress concept.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.